README.md, before:

# Setup CDK Environment Action

A GitHub composite action that sets up a Node.js environment with AWS CDK and configures AWS credentials.

## Features

- 🚀 Automated Node.js setup with npm caching
- 📦 Installs project dependencies and AWS CDK
- 🔐 Configures AWS credentials
- 📁 Supports custom working directory
- ✅ Validates installations and configurations

## Usage

```yaml
steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v4
    - name: Setup CDK Environment
      uses: banboniera/setup-cdk@v1
      with:
        aws-region: 'eu-central-1'
        aws-access-key-id: ${{ secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID }}
        aws-secret-access-key: ${{ secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY }}
```

For a specific CDK version:

```yaml
steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v4
    - name: Setup CDK Environment
      uses: banboniera/setup-cdk@v1
      with:
        aws-region: 'eu-central-1'
        aws-access-key-id: ${{ secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID }}
        aws-secret-access-key: ${{ secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY }}
        cdk-version: '2.170.0'  # Optional - will use latest version if not specified
```

## Inputs

| Input | Description | Required | Default |
| ----- | ----------- | -------- | ------- |
| `aws-region` | AWS Region | true | |
| `aws-access-key-id` | AWS Access Key ID | true | |
| `aws-secret-access-key` | AWS Secret Access Key | true | |
| `node-version` | Node.js version to use | false | `20` |
| `cdk-version` | AWS CDK version to install | false | `latest` |
| `working-directory` | Working directory for npm commands | false | `.` |
| `skip-dependencies` | Skip installing dependencies | false | `true` |

Commit message:

✨Enhance CDK Prepare Environment Action
- Updated action name and description for clarity.
- Added support for role assumption and customizable synth command.
- Improved dependency analysis and deployment package creation.
- Updated README to reflect new features and usage instructions.
- Changed license year to 2025.

🔧Refine CDK Prepare Environment Action

- Updated action description for clarity and conciseness.
- Enhanced input descriptions for better understanding.
- Removed unused cache key prefix input.
- Added code checkout step for improved workflow.
- Simplified package.json creation process to focus on essential dependencies.

🔧Optimize CDK Prepare Environment Action

- Enhanced caching and dependency management for improved performance.
- Added new inputs for artifact name, artifact path, and cache key prefix.
- Streamlined stack and dependency extraction using a single jq operation.
- Updated deployment package creation process to include only necessary files and metadata.

README.md, after:

# CDK Prepare Environment Action

A GitHub composite action that sets up a Node.js environment with AWS CDK, configures AWS credentials, and prepares CDK stacks for deployment.

## Features

- 🚀 Automated Node.js setup with npm caching
- 📦 Installs project dependencies
- 🔐 Configures AWS credentials using role assumption
- 🔍 Analyzes CDK stacks and their dependencies
- 📦 Creates optimized deployment package
- 📤 Uploads deployment package as artifact

## Usage

```yaml
steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v4
    - name: CDK Prepare Environment
      uses: banboniera/cdk-prepare@v2
      with:
        aws-region: 'eu-central-1'
        role-to-assume: 'arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/github-actions-role'
```

## Inputs

| Input | Description | Required | Default |
| ----- | ----------- | -------- | ------- |
| `aws-region` | AWS Region | true | |
| `role-to-assume` | ARN of the IAM role to assume | true | |
| `synth-command` | Command to synthesize CDK stacks | false | `npm run synth` |
| `node-version` | Node.js version to use | false | `22` |

## Outputs

| Output | Description |
| ------ | ----------- |
| `stacks` | JSON array of synthesized stacks |
| `dependencies` | JSON object of stack dependencies |

## Artifacts

The action creates a deployment package artifact named `cdk-deployment-package` containing:

- Synthesized CDK stacks
- Minimal package.json with required dependencies
- Optimized node_modules directory

The artifact is retained for 1 day by default.
